ACCEPTANCE TESTS README

The Not Zombies Test Suite has three game-mechanics
tests. These are broken up into categories, in the
form of mini-games. In this document, we'll describe
the mini-games and the functionalities they test.

1: LOW HEALTH RUNNER

This is a minigame where you start with a negligible
amount of health, so be careful! You must follow the
path ladened with candy bars. Once you follow this 
path, you'll find some better food and a gun. The food
here will restore much more health than the candy, so
you can turn and fight once you heal up. This scene
is intended to playtest:
	
	- player death
	- food interactions
	- bullet interactions (for player and enemy)
	- ammo pickup / enemy drops

There's no win condition for this minigame, so you'll
have to exit out to the main menu by pausing and 
pressing the "Back To Main Menu" button.

2: DAY NIGHT MAGIC

This is a simple testing scene which allows the player
to roam around one map with an accelerated day-night
cycle. There's no danger, no items, just simple
exploration and light transitions. This scene is
intended to playtest:

	- day night cycle

There's no win condition for this minigame, so you'll
have to exit out to the main menu by pausing and 
pressing the "Back To Main Menu" button.

3: MAPPER QUEST

This is a set of testing scenes in which the player
gets to roam around two fully populated maps, sans
enemies. The player has increased movement speed, but
the sprint functionality remains the same, so it's 
encouraged to simply run at the increased pace and
take in the sights on the map. This scene is intended
to show:

	- large, open world
	- player movement and movement modulation
	- scene transitions

There's no win condition for this minigame, so you'll
have to exit out to the main menu by pausing and 
pressing the "Back To Main Menu" button.



We hope you enjoy our mini-games. Happy testing!

- the Not Zombies dev team